The last change that's pretty interesting to talk about inside of six doesn't really have to do with
the syntax of functions but actually it is a engine optimization inside of the six javascript engine.
Now it has to do with something called tail call optimizations.
And what are tail calls.
Well essentially it's this is pretty simple which is make a function called foo.
And inside of here will return a function invocation called bar like so.
And that's exactly what a tail call is.
It is whenever the last statement is a actual function invocation inside of another function.
That's all it is.
So as long as this is the last statement this would be considered a tail call because it's at the tail
end of the function it's the last statement.
Now originally inside of yes five engines the these would essentially get treated like any other old
function.
So a new stack frame would be created and then pushed on to the call stack which can definitely be problematic
if your call stack gets too large.
Now inside of six if you're using or.
Yeah implementing I should say use strict mode then certain rules can apply and it'll optimize your
tail call and essentially what it will do is instead of creating a new stack frame and putting it on
the call stack it'll clear out the current stack frame it'll empty it out and use that as the current
stack frame which is a great way to help make sure that the stack or the call stack doesn't get too
big.
Now certain conditions have to be met.
The first condition is that the tail call does not require access to variables in the current stack
frame meaning that the function is not using closure essentially.
As we talked about before and the function making the tail call has no further work to do after that
tail call returns.
So in other words this function right here foo can have to do any more work after this return statement
right here which wouldn't make sense because as soon as you hit the return key word typically your function
will exit out.
And lastly the result of the tail call is returned as a function value.
So in the next video we'll talk about how we can get the most out of these tail call optimized.